- I didn't think you'd be here.
- I figured I'd stick around. So you got it.
Just barely. The cops we were trying to nail,
they knew we were coming.
- You all got out OK?
- Yeah, but everybody's really spooked.
The S1W takes on police corruption.
You didn't think it was gonna be easy?
Just get Eyes Only
to do the broadcast tonight.
I need something on record, otherwise
the cops can make us out to be the bad guys.
- You got it.
- Thanks.
- You OK?
- Yeah. I don't know.
Logan, I'm telling you something,
somebody's onto us.
Officials hail Anselmo
as a courageous individual
who paid the ultimate sacrifice
in pursuit of higher justice.
Do not attempt to adjust your set.
This cable hack will last exactly 60 seconds.
It cannot be traced, it cannot be stopped.
And it is the only free voice left in this city.
Activist group the S1W has again
been busy in defence of your freedom,
securing indisputable physical evidence
of wholesale corruption
in the sector police force.
How many times
have you played this before?
Never.
You might wanna move.
Move!
Get down! Everybody down!
Freeze! Stop right there!
All right!
God, man, that bullet. How'd you know?
He needs a doctor. He needs a doctor!
That's all of 'em!
They designed her to be the perfect soldier,
a human weapon.
Then she escaped.
In a future not far from now,
in a broken world,
she is haunted by her past.
She cannot run.
She must fight to discover her destiny.
Last night here in Sector Four,
an anonymous tip led police to this building,
headquarters of dissident group S1W,
and the arrest of at least six members.
You hearing this, people? Anonymous tips.
That's how we get
these outlaws off the street.
- They're not outlaws.
- Yeah? Says who?
They're just trying to expose
corrupt sector cops.
Interesting theory, Miss Late As Usual.
How'd you get to be an expert on the S1W?
So what do you know about the S1W?
Why? You thinking of phoning me in?
- So what's up with our little Maxie here?
- What do you mean?
Maybe we got ourselves an S1W type
right underneath our noses.
- She fits the profile.
- Yeah, I heard. What do I do?
Zero respect for authority, erratic behaviour,
lots of unexplained absences...
OK, I'll go get it.
Plus I think she's got
a lot of underlying hostility.
- What are you two looking at?
- Nothing. I just got a delivery here for Alec.
What do you know? It's right near
where the S1W was arrested.
I'll take that.
What did I tell you?
Mikey! Check me out, man. I'm winning.
- What are you doing here?
- Right back at ya.
- I'm looking for something.
- Asha's address book? Yeah. Me, too.
Don't act like it's some big secret.
Asha's in the S1W. They got arrested here.
- What's it got to do with you?
- My number's in it.
- You and the S1W, fighting the power.
- Who said anything about the S1W?
Asha asked for my number
one night at Crash.
- She asked?
- Or maybe I offered it to her.
It was during that mermaid thing.
I was feeling lonely.
Consider your lonely ass saved.
Here's her backpack.
Have you ever pretended to write down
a guy's phone number?
What's this? Asha likes poetry?
It's none of your business.
Get a load of this. "Love, let me
raise you softer than moonbeams."
- Makes you wonder who she's writing to.
- Could be anyone.
It could be about anyone, but here's an
interesting fact: Logan's name is in her book.
- They work together.
- I'm sure they do.
- That's why I'm here.
- Because they work together?
- I don't want Logan's name in a police file.
- With Asha's.
- With the S1W.
- OK, right.
- Now, Logan used to be your thing.
- We weren't even like that.
So when Logan asks you to get his poetess
friend Asha outta jail, you jump at the cha...
- We weren't designed to be chumps, Max.
- People were arrested here last night.
They risked their lives for something
more important than themselves.
They were rounded up because some snitch
turned them in. One guy was wounded.
Forget the cheap shots. Even if that were true,
it wouldn't matter. It's not about me.
- Max.
- What?
Or maybe it is about you.
Neighbour.
I'm kind of expecting someone at 7.03.
So I'll be away two days at least.
So I was wondering,
if it's not too much trouble,
if maybe you could
get my mail while I'm gone?
Neighbour?
I'm sorry. Did you say something?
You know, I can't actually remember what
he looked like. You kind of don't notice him.
- You don't notice him?
- It's hard to explain.
- He's got game.
- Yeah, and he was barely trying.
He was just... I don't know.
- It's like he sees everything.
- What do you mean, "sees everything"?
This'll sound crazy, but it's like he knows
what's gonna happen before it happens.
- Yeah, that sounds crazy.
- He knew that raid was coming.
And you see that bullet hole over there?
He ducked before the shot was fired.
Made me duck, too.
The bullet went right over our heads.
He saved my life.
Do you know how to find this guy?
- Max. Is that Brian?
- Looks like Brain.
113, 125th Place.
Just like he said. He said the hottest chick
I'd ever seen would show up looking for him.
I guess that's you.
Shut up.
Nature's miracle, that's what it is,
white and hearty and true.
Not ostrich or emu or goose,
it's straight from the chicken to you.
So if you wanna feel healthy, here's what
you'll do: Break an egg. That means you.
Break an egg. OK.
Keep your voice down. Don't knock either.
- Why?
- You lose the element of surprise.
- What surprise? He's expecting us.
- It could be a trap.
- I think we can handle him.
- "We"?
No one asked you to tag along.
That's right.
You were supposed to come alone.
OK, this is totally unnecessary.
- This is the guy who turned them in?
- Looks like.
He admits he knew the raid was going down.
Although, according to him,
only to a 73% certainty.
Hello. OK, these things are a little tight.
I don't know if I mentioned it
but I bruise easily.
Look, I'm trying to help you, Max.
- Do you know him?
- I think he's got a little thing for Max.
We'll deal with him and his little thing later.
They're moving the S1W in an hour.
There's a chance to intercept on Highway 153.
That's a bad idea.
There's a railroad crossing in disrepair along
the route. It's a mile from the poultry farm.
If you're thinking about the train track,
think again.
- What is this?
- It's 92% failure scenarios.
OK, I need you to shut up.
County roads in the area allow unacceptable
delivery rates of backup sector personnel.
The probabilities of
subsequent apprehension is like...
3157 Mercer Street? Is this your idea
of a secret meeting place?
- "I will love you like the..."
- Hey!
- What are you doing?
- Eyes Only?
I just wanna read it.
The crossing'll be deserted.
The bus'll stop. It'll be easy. What's that?
- Nothing.
- Poetry.
It's nothing. Stay with what's-his-name
and we'll do the rest.
What is his name?
- Brain.
- Brian.
- Be careful.
- "Be careful." That cost him.
- I can do this alone.
- I'm on board.
The only way it'll work is if you break an egg!
You hear me, Max? Break an egg!
Well, well.
- Max.
- Got your back.
- Max, it's a silent alarm.
- The keys. Find the keys.
Alec?
Drive. Drive!
- The fat kid may have been right.
- We'll make it.
I'm glad to hear that. We're being followed.
- We're all clear ahead.
- Yeah, except for the police cruisers.
- Just find the key.
- Only 150 more to go.
- What did Brain say before we left?
- Bad plan.
- I mean, as we were leaving.
- Break a leg.
- He said egg. Break an egg.
- It doesn't matter what he said.
Hold on. Everyone hold on!
No, Max, no!
- He needs help.
- I'm OK.
- How'd it go, Max?
- Kind of weird, actually. Hold on.
- How'd you know?
- Know what?
- Break an egg.
- The cops, the train.
- Did I get the schedule wrong?
- No.
- Then what are you mad about?
- Tell us how you knew.
How do you think I knew?
I'm an X-series, just like you.
- What are you?
- What am I?
- You don't exactly look like a soldier.
- And you two do?
I'm an IT Concentrate. A battle processor.
I'm basically a general,
his staff, two database groups,
and five logistical support teams,
all rolled into one stealth package.
- "Stealth." Yeah.
- People look away.
They don't remember me.
There, are you happy?
- That doesn't explain your psychic ability.
- Psychic? Please.
I combine near-absolute data knowledge
with fast neural nets for heuristics.
Heuristics?
Predictions using probability
algorithms stored in my...
- Are you sure you wanna hear this?
- Whatever you call it, you can tell the future.
I can see our future. Yours and mine.
That's why I'm here, Max.
Get the feeling he's got something else
on his mind other than betraying the S1W?
But I didn't betray the S1W.
It was one of them.
Come on.
- I don't wanna get outta town.
- You don't have a choice.
They have photos of you now. Fingerprints.
It's just a matter of time
before they pick you up again.
- This yours?
- Thanks.
There's personal stuff in there you might
wanna keep track of. Address book, poems.
- Come on.
- What are you doing?
- S1W went down cos of him.
- Or not. That's what I'm thinking.
Don't worry. I'll keep him on a short leash.
It was nice seeing you again.
You're right about the S1W.
One of them's a police informant.
They free political prisoners, play
Robin Hood, and the cops leave them alone.
Then they attack police corruption
head-on and get nailed.
- Pay attention.
- I am.
What did I just say?
You were wondering what, if anything,
is going on between
blondie and you know who.
Is going on between
- Let's stick with who's the informant.
- I don't know who.
I pulled up the arrest reports from
the police databases, so just do your thing.
OK, that's the guy that got shot,
so we know it's not him.
Unless that's what
we're supposed to think and it is him.
On this next one, could you be a little more,
what was it, heuristic?
Yeah, she's gonna be a lot heavier
than I am when she's 30.
- 93% certainty.
- Did she turn them in?
- No idea.
- OK, then.
This guy. What about him?
I don't know who he is.
Max went to get your address book
and came back with some crazy guy
who knows a lot about the S1W.
- Not a lot. Everything.
- Max seems to think he's OK.
Yeah, well, Max wasn't turned in, was she?
- What you're saying is none of 'em did it?
- Maybe all of them did it.
Or maybe not.
- Look, I'm not optimised for this.
- It's OK.
We're finally together
and I'm letting you down.
You don't remember me at all, do you?
From back at Manticore?
That's all right. I'm designed to be forgettable.
But I remember you,
with your short hair and your cammies,
and you could blur and everything.
I used to watch you and your friends
running around just having a blast.
It was no blast, believe me.
When you broke out,
leaving the rest of us behind,
I thought I was gonna die,
I missed you so much.
Look, Brain, we didn't know each other.
I knew you. They fed us data
on all the X-5s to predict battle behaviour.
And I stayed after every day, learning
everything there was to know about you.
I knew you.
That data they fed you, it wasn't me.
I knew you'd come back to Manticore.
And you did.
I knew you'd get involved
the second S1W got into trouble.
- That's why I'm here.
- What do you mean, that's why you're here?
I know you better than anyone, Max.
And I would do anything for you.
What I really need you to do
is tell me who the informant is, OK?
What?
There was a 0.05% chance that you were
gonna lean over and kiss me right then.
I was just hoping.
- OK.
- Let's go.
If she's on our side,
why's she protecting him?
- She's not protecting him.
- Then where is he?
Why don't we concentrate
on getting you guys outta town?
Why don't you call me when you get there?
You've got my number.
- Who's he working for?
- He's not working for anyone.
- He saved your asses.
- Is that what he says?
That's what I say.
You're blaming the wrong guy.
I think sector police will approach
in a scatter Y formation,
Alpha Team in the stairwell,
Bravo in the elevator.
A third team will stake out the roof.
- What is he talking about?
- Shut up!
Egress through a fire stairwell,
54 steps to the second floor.
There's a fan behind a grate in the hallway.
Use it. It's your only way out.
- When?
- Now!
Go! Do what he says! Get out of here!
You trust him, you lead the way.
I got one! I think.
- Yeah?
- We're at the pick-up point.
- How you doing?
- I'm off to the frozen north.
I don't know who to trust.
I'm not happy about this.
Well, I'm not happy about it either.
If you two aren't happy, I'm not happy.
Max, are you happy?
Shut up!
No, not you. There should be
a loading ramp by the garage.
OK.
A truck will back in at 4.05.
That's your ride to Canada.
The driver's a friend of Eyes Only.
He knows the entire situation.
Detective Sung said Brain's in lockdown
at 12th precinct. I'm gonna get him.
Hear that? The big guy's in lockdown, so
it's hard to figure him for a police informant.
So until we know who is... be careful.
- Keep your departure plans to yourself.
- Logan, don't hang up yet.
It's just...
- Are you there?
- Yeah, I'm here. You're gonna be fine.
Good luck. Just stay in touch.
What in the world do they see in you?
It's you.
Spare me. You knew I'd be coming for you.
You must have been expecting someone.
Or did you think you could
really slip through those bars?
- That's hurtful.
- Let's get going.
The guard I stole this uniform off of
won't be out for ever.
What's with the ankle?
While the cops were storming the place
and you guys were all getting away,
I had this thought.
Left.
Maybe people don't see me
because there's nothing to see.
Are you sure this is the fastest way out?
What's the point of knowing everything
but doing nothing about it?
I'm not seeing an exit anywhere soon.
Anyways, that's why I turned myself in.
You what? I'm dying because
you turned yourself in on purpose?
I thought you were supposed to be strong.
I'm not Superwoman.
Here.
Hurry. Right there.
They're coming.
Gently, gently. OK.
- Do you know what the chance of this is?
- Of you turning yourself in?
No. Of you and me, here together
in this exact precinct, in this exact office,
you wearing that uniform,
me and my sprained ankle,
in this exact moment in space and time?
Do you know what the chance is?
- Who knows? One in a trillion?
- No. It's 100%.
We're here, right?
- OK. I see where all this is going now.
- Where? Where's it going?
You mean where are you going?
Because you're running.
Running through a passageway,
drawn onward by distant voices.
There's machinery. Steam.
It's some kind of factory. No, it's a sawmill.
- What?
- You look so beautiful when you run.
What are the voices? You said
"drawn onward by distant voices."
- I said that? "Drawn onward"?
- That's what you said.
Well, OK, then.
You're drawn onward by distant voices.
Voices of the S1W being held captive
by the traitor in their midst.
OK, you descend a staircase,
into another passageway,
headed for a door at the end.
There's a sign on the door.
It says...
What? What does it say?
"Drawn onward." I really said that?
What's the sign say?
OK.
The sign. It says "danger".
But because you're you, you don't stop.
Instead, you kick the door open...
What? What happened?
- I don't know. Nothing.
- What do you mean, nothing?
I mean, why did I take so long to find you?
I don't buy any of it. Why am I supposed
to believe you just happen to know all this?
How could anyone
just happen to know all this?
Why do you think we're here?
- That's just like Asha's book.
- It's an old CIA trick.
- A poem?
- Not a poem.
A coded message, keyed to matching books.
That's how the informant's
been communicating with the cops.
What are you saying? Asha's a traitor?
Look at the bright side. At least
she's not writing love poems to Logan.
No, it doesn't make any sense.
Betraying the S1W would hurt Logan.
- She wouldn't do that.
- Good point.
It must have been
someone else's book you found.
Whose?
Beats me.
- You took my book.
- No, it ended up in my backpack somehow.
Lucky for me. I was afraid I'd lost it.
- What does it say?
- "Love, softness swelling..."
I mean decoded!
The traitor's the group leader,
the guy who got shot.
- He's dangerous, Max, so...
- I know - be careful.
I was gonna say let's turn around
and forget the whole thing.
We could live happily ever after.
That's 97% certain.
- Brain?
- Yeah?
- Watch the hands!
- I'm just trying to hang on!
Hang on a little lower!
Not that low.
- It's 4.05. Time to move.
- Where?
We've got a ride to Canada.
Let's go, then.
- Wish me luck.
- Max, wait.
The poem you found in Asha's backpack...
- You mean the coded message.
- Yeah.
Only you didn't know that at the time.
And you helped her anyway.
- How do I look?
- What do you mean?
How do I look?
Is there something you're not telling me?
Something that's gonna happen?
Well...
I never actually noticed before, but...
kind of...
magnificent.
- Fall back!
- Freeze! Stay where you are!
- This way.
- Where are we going?
- The gunfire's stopped.
- More's coming.
- How do you know?
Just go!
Let's go! Let's go!
Team two, take the far door!
Come on, let's go! Move, move!
Hey, come on. Let us out!
Because you're running. Running through a
passageway, drawn onward by distant voices.
Voices of the S1W being held captive
by the traitor in their midst.
You descend a staircase
into another passageway,
headed for a door at the end.
There's a sign on the door. It says danger.
Brain.
You'll be all right.
Egress through that door.
93 feet. Turn right.
Hurry.
Let's go.
- You saw this, didn't you?
- I saw you.
You saved me.
What are the chances? You, me?
100%.
Max... I don't mind if no one else ever saw me.
I just wanted to be seen by you.
Clear that area!
Clear!
Brain.
Brain?
I got your message. Is it true?
Yeah, it's true.
All the police files from the arrest are gone.
- Your record's clean.
- So I can stay?
- You all can.
- God, Logan, thanks.
Don't thank me.
Apparently, a candy bar melted on the
precinct system server, ruined all the data.
- Wow. What are the chances of that?
- According to Max, they're...
- What?
- Better than you'd think.
So you wanna come along?
Tell the group the good news?
I promised someone I'd do them a favour.
How about if I meet you guys there later?
Tell Max I'm sorry, OK? About her friend.
OK.
Where shall I see you? Where will you go?
I'll meet you at the manor
after I've seen Frank.
- Take care of yourself, darling.
- I will.
It's bright and warm outside,
thank goodness. I'll be all right.
Do not attempt to adjust your set.
This is a Streaming Freedom Video bulletin.
It will last 60 seconds.
It cannot be traced or stopped.
I don't know how he stood it.
All that noise, I mean.
All around us, a battle wages...
Why are you here?
Never a welcoming word with you, is there?
Well?
Maybe...
Maybe I wanted to make sure you're OK.
The courageous among us are called
more often than others to sacrifice.
A great and fearless warrior
in this battle died today...
- "Great and fearless warrior"?
- It doesn't matter what they say.
I just want people to see him.
Overlooked in his lifetime by all of us...
- Why are you here?
- Like I said...
You sold his TVs, didn't you?
Not all of them.
I'm gonna keep one for myself.
- You're moving in?
- It's not like he needs the place any more.
You know, I never really noticed,
but he's actually kind of magnificent.
Yeah. He was.
Visiontext Subtitles: Karin Baker
ENGLISH